c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\TicketingSystem.Web.dll.config
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\TicketingSystem.Web.dll
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\TicketingSystem.Web.pdb
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\obj\Debug\TicketingSystem.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\obj\Debug\TicketingSystem.Web.dll
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\obj\Debug\TicketingSystem.Web.pdb
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\TicketingSystem.Data.dll
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\TicketingSystem.Models.dll
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\TicketingSystem.Data.pdb
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\TicketingSystem.Models.pdb
c:\users\rami\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\Kendo.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Rami\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TicketingSystem\TicketingSystem.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
